We can't thank you enough for how you helped us to hugely improve Engiish while we were with you.
 
It helped immensely her confidence to do creative writing and comprehension grew so quickly.
 
Thank you once again for your effort, going the extra mile to make sure she understands.
 
 
 
Mrs C Cheung - Reading
 
I would definitely recommend these carousel classes to anybody who requires tutoring. You do the best tutoring and make it not a stressful but happy and motivating process!
 
You are amazing!
 
 
Mr J Aujla - Harrow
 
Thank you very much for being so gentle and engaging at the same time. I wish I found you before. I is happy and not intimidated, is trying her best to come out of her shell as I can see which is a massive win for us.
 
Thank you finally for all your efforts
 
 
 
Mrs L King - Birmingham
 
Thanks for all efforts and dedication fron you Mam..you have really helped him in English and VR.Your positivity and motivation helped Raghu to boost his confidence.Techniques for Comprehension, way of vocabulary teaching, spag is exceptional and kids oriented.you are an amazing english teacher .I hope you and Darsh will be there to support his 11 plus journey till september.thanks for your amazing team.
 
 
Mr P Jain - Kent
 
But one thing I can say, Taneesh loved your way of teaching and we can see lot of change in his work.. one request from my end, please let us know if you are offering any more courses related to English so that I'll try to register my kids in your sessions
 
 
Mrs G Rajapaksha - East London
 
It's clear that your dedication, expertise, and personalized teaching methods are making a huge difference. I'm so grateful for the positive influence you've had on her academic growth and language development.
 
Thank you again for all the hard work and care you put into her learning. We couldn't be more thrilled with the results!
 
Mrs S Aslan -  Surrey
 
I can't thank you enough for the incredible impact your teaching has had on my daughter. Your approach to Comprehension and SPaG is truly exceptional, and the progress we've seen in just a few months is nothing short of amazing. Not only has her confidence soared, but she's also seamlessly incorporating advanced vocabulary, including passive constructions, into her everyday conversations.
 
 
Mr A Ademolu - Gloucestershire
 
has passed her 11 plus for The Leeds Grammer School at Leeds. We can't thank you enough for how you helped us in the short few weeks we were with you. It helped immensely her confidence to do creative writing and comprehension grew so quickly.
 
Thank you once again for your effort, going the extra mile to make sure she understands.
 
Many thanks
 
Mrs T James - Leeds
 